# Tesseract-Jewelry-Store
A site about a fictional online jewelry store. Features different types of jewelry products with prices. (note: there is no buy button for these)

This site features 2 media querys, one for tablet viewing and one for desktop. CSS grid and flexbox were used to organize content. The mobile (first) view uses a one-column four-row grid design to layout the content on the home page and a one-column eight-row grid design to display the different types of jewelry products (as there are 8 products listed for each jewelry type) The grid design changes to a two-column two-row setup on the home page when entering tablet view and the listed products change to two-column four-row setup and for desktop view, the grid changes to a four-column one-row design for the home page and a four-column two-row design for displaying the products.

 My CSS features used: The first one is utilizing CSS flexbox and grid to layout the content in a way that is responsive (as described above). For my second CSS feature, i created a site navigation that uses a "hamburger" icon on mobile and tablet view that expands and collapses when clicked and provides links to navigate to each page on the site. The site navigation expands to a more "traditional" horizontal layout for the links when going into desktop view.
 
 For my javascript feature; I created a "Contact Us" form on the home page which validates if a user has input anything into both the email and name fields. If the user only inputs a name and no email, an error will display on the page that states an email is required. Likewise, if a user inputs a email but no name, an error will display that states a name is required. If the user clicks the submit button without putting anything into both of the fields, they will get an error that states both a name and an email are required.
